Add basic auth to security guide (#60)
moovweb-docs/xdn-docs: guides/third_party_cdns.md

## Split Testing

Moovweb XDN offers fully featured [split testing](/guides/split_testing). When XDN is running behind another CDN, the CDN must be configured in a very specific way in order for split testing to work:

1. Downstream CDN must be configured to not [cache](#section_caching) anything.
2. The CDN must be configured to not affect any cookies that begin with [`xdn_`](split_testing#section_how_requests_are_routed).

> Unless these conditions are met, the users will almost certainly receieve a mix of content from both xperiences in the split test, which can lead to a broken app and invalid split testing results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless these conditions are met, the users will almost certainly receive a mix of content from both experiences in the split test, which can lead to a broken app and invalid split testing results.
```
